[MutabilityWithReadOnly] Optimize to prevent excessive memory usage on large specs (#813)
Azure/azure-openapi-validator: packages/rulesets/CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log - @microsoft.azure/openapi-validator-rulesets

## 2.2.1

### Patches

> - [MutabilityWithReadOnly] Optimize rule to prevent out-of-memory issues on large specs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [MutabilityWithReadOnly] Optimize rule to prevent excessive memory usage on large specs
```
